Update docs to cover uv managed installations (#2072)
plone/documentation: docs/glossary.md

    [Plate](https://platejs.org/) is a {term}`Slate`-based editor, introduced in Seven.
    Plate has a large community and provides a rich set of plugins to customize the editor experience.
    Key features include the single page editor, as well as AI integration.

virtualenv

>     A virtualenv is an isolated Python environment with its own set of installed packages.

Reviewer: virtualenv is the name of the Python tool to create Python virtual environments. I added a few more terms to future use.

I want to make sure they render correctly in the [Glossary](https://plone6--2072.org.readthedocs.build/glossary.html#term-virtualenv), too, as I'm doing this all through GitHub without building.

```suggestion
virtual environment
    A virtual environment is an isolated Python environment with its own set of installed packages.
    A virtual environment is created on top of an existing Python installation, known as the virtual environment's "base" Python, and by default is isolated from the packages in the base environment, so that only those explicitly installed in the virtual environment are available.
    
    ```seealso
    -   {term}`virtualenv`
    -   {term}`venv`
    ```

virtualenv
    [`virtualenv`](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) is a tool to create isolated Python environments.
    Since Python 3.3, a subset of it has been integrated into the standard library under the {term}`venv` module.

venv
    The {doc}`venv` module in the Python standard library supports creating lightweight {term}`virtual environment`s, each with their own independent set of Python packages installed in their {doc}`site` directories.
```

Author: Good point. Thanks.

Author: I fixed a few things in https://github.com/plone/documentation/pull/2072/commits/0f5e395a5ec5252743d1ff4dd19e43974f0e14b6
